We always admired friends
who had sacrificed a lot for Jehovah
and moved to a place
where the need is greater.
And it’s always been our dream
to experience it ourselves.
But at the same time,
we felt that we wouldn’t be able
to do something like that.
Even though we had the desire,
we felt that only superhumans
could make that kind
of change in their lives.
On JW Broadcasting® of August 2015,
we saw a very encouraging video
about the Williams family
and how they moved to Ecuador.
And we thought
that in reality there wasn’t
anything standing in our way,
so why couldn’t we do the same?
So we discussed it and decided on a date
—late November 2017—
and then we prayed to Jehovah.
I read the 2016 Yearbook,
and the story about Indonesia
really touched me.
We saw that there is
a great need in many Asian countries,
and we thought maybe Thailand.
We wanted to simplify our lives even more,
so we moved to a smaller apartment.
At the special convention in Helsinki,
we met a couple who lives in Thailand,
and they gave us a lot of advice
and encouragement.
We wrote a letter where we told a bit
about ourselves and then gave it
to the service committee in our congregation.
They then sent the letter
to the branch in Thailand.
We sold our car,
and we also had the opportunity
to move in with Benjamin’s parents.
We received tremendous help from all
in the congregation.
For instance, we needed to find
a place to live,
a car, and to know where to shop for food.
And their love and encouragement
has been invaluable.
We received a letter from the Thailand branch
in response to the letter we wrote earlier.
They gave us information
about the living expenses
and some pointers about the culture,
the food, and our spirituality
in the new environment.
And we have felt more comfortable
and motivated by knowing
that we have followed
the directions from Jehovah.
We have always felt encouraged
by reading experiences
about brothers and sisters
who have made sacrifices for Jehovah
and how they have been blessed.
But to experience it for yourself is amazing.
When a problem or an obstacle arose,
Jehovah was there
and ready to help us.
And now we are happy to enjoy the privilege
of serving Jehovah here.